A welcome back.
So today we're going to do something simple but we're going to need to type in a good amount of code
what we want is when we go to this page personal finance and we go to the accounts list if I click on
a particular account I want to get the details on that account in order for us to achieve this.
We're going to go into the account services dot Yes and and insert this this function here.
So what the what is this.
Well we will use this method function to retrieve the account by ID.
It takes the account ID as parameters so Account ID as a parameter here which is of type number and
it returns a promise of type account.
Now down below you have seen the syntax in the previous tutorials where I have explained it to a good
extent.
They're called Aero functions which we have used in combination with promises.
If you skip that lecture you should really go back anyway.
We have a promise here and the promise starts with this parentheses here.
And it ends here.
So this is the end of the promise and this is the beginning of the promise and then the promise within
itself contains an arrow function or lambda function however you wish to call it which begins here and
ends here.
This arrow function or lambda function contains two arguments so to the left of the arrow are the arguments
or the parameters of the function and to the right of the lambda function R is the body of the function.
Here we're passing two parameters which are resolve and reject resolve and reject our functions in and
of themselves so a function is receiving two functions as parameters down below we are using a variable.
Find a count and in it we shall store the results of our finding the results of our search of the account's
array.
We will use the find method the built in Find method in order to attempt to find the account of the
specified ID.
So the A.S.C. here.
This is basically the current element that is being checked and to the right the checking process actually
goes on.
See that ID is the account ID that has been passed the account ID actually that is being compared to
d not the A.S.C. IDs not the one that has been passed the account ID has been passed and then these
two are being compared to see if this one from the find method which is going through the array one
element at a time actually matches the account ID if it manages to find the account ID the matching
account ID if this evaluates to true then the account will be returned and stored into this variable.
If it fails to find it it will return undefined.
Now when it returns undefined undefined is basically evaluated as false but down below we use the negation
in order to make it true.
And then we call the reject method which we have passed here which means that we are just going to have
some sort of an error no account with this ID else.
If it finds some sort of an account thats going to thats going to go into the else part of the statement
and this will be ops this will be resolved.
It will resolve the promise and pass the found.
I can just somehow accidentally smashed my keyboard which is amazing in and of itself.
OK now we need to go into the account around start D.S. And here we will do this import.
So we'll just import this line.
We don't have details component yet but we will make it in the follow up to Torrijos and down below.
We also need a other route and other children and another child route with those with the kind of a
weird path here.
So.
And on the in the address bar it's going to look like this account slash 15 account slash 1.
Or something like that.
When we click on there on the particular account.
Now Colan basically means that the route expects a parameter and we have ID as our placeholder in the
parameter in our case is I d.
And basically the second part as before just shows with which component does this around lead to Anyway
I bid you farewell and we shall see each other in the follow up.